# website

## things need to install

- text editor
- deno (javascript runtime)
- pandoc (document transformation tool thing)
- imagemagick (for image conversion [via `./tool.js convert_to_webp`])

if you have none of these i would recommend taking the following steps:

1. install text editor
2. install homebrew (mac package manager thing)
3. run `brew install deno pandoc imagemagick` to install the rest
	- note: I have never actually ran this exact command so I am not sure if it will actually work properly. I also don't know if the package names will randomly change in the near future (though I doubt they will?).

## how to set up ssh keys for github authenitcation!!!!

1. run `ssh-keygen` and then press enter thru stuff u rlly dont need extra password stuff imo and idk how it rlly works

2. copy the contents of um like i think um `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub` ? or similarly generated thing into github key settings.

3. actually maybe looking up how to do this on google is a better strategy

## how to generate the website after changing things

1. you can (re)generate the website with any changes you have changed by running `./run.sh`

2. you can host a local version of the website with `./tool.js host_local`

## how to add film

1. open `site.md`
2. add film and medium and description followig same format as other ones

### how to add stills to film page thing

each film has a short code thing based on its title. for example `1:11 film` the code is `111-film`

you can see exactly what short code a film has by browsing to its generated page and looking at its url.

1. go to `docs/media/<code>` (e.g. `docs/media/111-film`)
	- you will likely have to make the folder yourself if it is not already there
2. copy any pictures you like into it
	- note: the site will display the stills based on numeric file names, so make sure that your file names are numbers!! (e.g. `1.webp`, `2.webp`, etc.)
		- see `./tool.js rename_stills` for helpful renaming tips!!
3. regenerate website and you are done!!

## how to push changes to github

after you have made some changes to website and regenerated it how can you push these local changes to github??

1. it might be helpful to run `git status` and see what you have changed to make sure nothing looks strange.
2. run `git add .` to 'stage' all files
3. run `git commit -m "my change"` to commit these changes into a commit
4. run `git push origin main` to push commit to github 🙂. the end!

## `./tool.js`

this is a tool with helpful things for modifying website!!

### `./tool.js clean`
deletes all files that are generated by `./run.sh`

### `./tool.js host_local`
runs local web server that hosts `docs/`

### `./tool.js rename_stills`
this will numerify all stills to follow the naming convention `1`, `2`, `3`, etc.

it numerifies them based on their current numeric values and also puts non-numeric values at the end of the current scheme.

for example if you have the following files (in `docs/media/`):

```
111-film/1.jpg
111-film/2.webp
111-film/2.5.webp
111-film/3.jpg
111-film/08.jpg
111-film/hello.png
```

`./tool.js rename_stills` will try to rename them as follows:

```
111-film/1.jpg     ==> 111-film/1.jpg
111-film/2.webp    ==> 111-film/2.webp
111-film/2.5.webp  ==> 111-film/3.webp
111-film/3.jpg     ==> 111-film/4.jpg
111-film/08.jpg    ==> 111-film/5.jpg
111-film/hello.png ==> 111-film/6.png
```

### `./tool.js stills2webp`

converts stills to webp. i think webp is current web standard for photos. cool!

note: uses imagemagick's `convert` so make sure you have imagemagick!!
